NARRATOR: On their way to the
Snowbelle City Gym
and Ash's eighth Kalos Gym badge
challenge, our heroes are
visiting a Pokémon Center
in the middle of a forest.
BONNIE: [HUMMING]
SQUISHY: [BLISSFUL]
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
NURSE JOY: They're
all doing fine.
NURSE JOY: Everyone's
in perfect health.
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: Looking good, buddy!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [SLEEPING]
ASH: What do you want to do
after this, Clemont?
CLEMONT:
Let's see
Why don't we rest a bit more and
then go?
ASH: Sounds great.
SERENA: Well, Eevee? Feel good?
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PANCHAM: [EAGER]
EEVEE: [SURPRISED]
BRAIXEN: [ADMONISHING]
PANCHAM: [STUBBORN]
BRAIXEN: [ANNOYED]
PANCHAM: [ANNOYED]
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM:
SERENA: One at a time!
Wait your turn! You won't get
brushed if you act up!
BRAIXEN,
PANCHAM: [STARTLED]
SERENA: All right,
Braixen, you're next.
PANCHAM: [PROUD]
SERENA: There.
Everyone's brushed.
SERENA: Wonderful! You're
looking great.
SERENA: That's
right!
I need to check
for any new videos.
PANCHAM, EEVEE: [EXCITED]
SERENA: I wonder what's going on
PIERRE:
Dear performers. Bonjour.
PIERRE: To the talented Trainers
who are rehearsing for their
performances, one and all
I'm Pierre, your host, and I
am thrilled to invite
you to my dance party!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
PIERRE: My party won't
be the same without you!
BONNIE: A dance party!
PIERRE: I wanted to give
competing performers a break.
And do it in an elegant way.
PIERRE: So come and enjoy,
s'il vous plait!
BONNIE: Wow. Sounds like fun!
PIERRE: However
In order to attend,
I require one thing.
KLEFKI : [EXCITED]
All performers and their Pokémon
partners are hereby requested
to attend my dance
party with a date!
KLEFKI: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: WhoaSo
you need a date, huh?
PIERRE: Elegant Fun!
Also Ariathe Kalos Queen,
will be in attendance
as my honored guest!
SERENA: She'll be there, too?
PIERRE: Au revoir
until we meet again.
BONNIE: Please, Serena?
Can we come along?
ASH: You're gonna go, right?
SERENA: Why not?
SERENA: Eevee? You wanna go?
SERENA: There are going to be
lots of people there, but it'll
be a great experience!
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: Pierre said you have to
have a date.
SERENA: And the
Pokémon do, too.
ASH: How about Bunnelby?
CLEMONT: Good idea!
Come on out, Bunnelby!
BUNNELBY: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby? Would you
like to go to a
danceparty as Eevee's date?
SERENA: I'm sure it's
going to be a lot of fun.
BUNNELBY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Does that mean Clemont
will be your date?
SERENA: My
date? Clemont? Will you?
CLEMONT: Me?!
On a DATE?!
ASH: You'll have a blast!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
CLEMONT: I'll do my best. But do
you really think
I'm the right
person?
ASH: You'll be fine!
SERENA: Eevee? You're
such a wonderful dancer.
They'll all love you!
EEVEE: [HAPPY]
SERENA: It should be
around here somewhere.
ASH: Awesome! Looks like
it's gonna be a lot of fun!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: I know!
Look at that crowd!
Are you gonna be all right?
CLEMONT: Who knows?! I'm
wondering about that myself...
SERENA: You'll be fine, Clemont!
MIETTE: Clemont? That means
Ash isn't your date, right?
SERENA: Miette!
MIETTE: That's me!
SLURPUFF: [GREETING]
ASH: It's been a while!
MIETTE: So you guys came, too
MIETTE: You could be my date.
Wow, talk about perfect timing!
MIETTE: Please Ash? It would be
so nice if you could be my date
ASH: Sure. No problem!
MIETTE: That's great!
Thanks, Ash!
MIETTE: You caught an Eevee?!
EEVEE: [SCARED]
SERENA: Yeah. You'll be amazed
when you see Eevee perform.
Such
a beautiful dancer!
MIETTE: I saw the Pokémon
Showcase you were in. You'll be
great rivals for us! But for
right now, let's
enjoy the party!
PIKACHU: YMPATHETIC]/[SURPRISED]
SLURPUFF: [FLIRTING]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
SLURPUFF: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [ALARMED]
SERENA: Ooh, that Miette
EEVEE: [CONCERNED]
SERENA: Let's get going, too!
EEVEE: [EXERTION]
JAMES: Of course the
Twerps would show
their annoying faces
MEOWTH: Which gives us a great
chance to catch Pikachu.
JESSIE:
With my beauty and class,
I'm going to be
the belle of the ball.
Why? I've got it all!
MEOWTH: I thought
catching Pikachu
was the name of the game
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Of course,
James will be my escort.
JAMES: Uh, oui, Mademoiselle
FEMALE BELLHOP: All right,
we've got Miette and Ash.
Serena and Clemont, as well.
Everything's in order.
And you'll also
need these cards.
SERENA: 'Scuse m t are they?
FEMALE BELLHOP: You'll need that
card for a special event later.
We also have outfits that are
available to rent. Over there.
SERENA: Look at
all these dresses!
CLEMONT: So many.
SLURPUFF: [PROUD]
PIKACHU: [BEMUSED]
MIETTE: I love this one!
MIETTE: This one.
This one, too!
MIETTE: Those, too!
ASH: You're gonna try on more?
BONNIE: You look so nice!
SERENA: You look great too,
Bonnie!
BONNIE: Thank you!
I love my dress!
BUNNELBY: [CONCERNED]
EEVEE: [REASSURING]
MIETTE: Ah ha!
There you are!
MIETTE: Sorry it took a while.
MIETTE: Fashionable,
as expected.
SERENA: You look great, too.
ASH: This thing's
pinching on my neck.
CLEMONT: We're not used
to dressing up like this.
PIKACHU: [COMPLAINING]
PIKACHU, SLURPUFF: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: It's Aria!
PIERRE: Ladies and gentlemen!
Thank you all for graciously
attending my dance party today.
PIERRE: And now for our special
guest. I'm honored to introduce
our Kalos Queen, Aria!
ARIA: Nice to see you, everyone.
JESSIE: Just you wait, girl.
There's only room for one real
Kalos Queen and that's ME!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: She's wonderful
MIETTE: I know. Aria
really is our ideal!
PIERRE: And now. The dance
floor is open for all of you.
Please have a wonderful time.
MIETTE: Come on. Let's dance!
ASH: Yeah!
SERENA: Clemont?
Shall we dance?
CLEMONT: Why not?!
BUNNELBY: [EXCITED]
EEVEE: [NERVOUS AGREEMENT]
EEVEE: [PLAYFUL]
SERENA: And one
CLEMONT: Got it!
SERENA: And two
CLEMONT: Right!
SERENA: And three.
CLEMONT: Three!
BONNIE: Yay, Clemont!
Looking good!
SLURPUFF: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Whoops! Sorry
MIETTE: Are you okay?
ASH: Sorry!
SLURPUFF: [INCREDULOUS]
PIKACHU:[EMBARRASSED]
ASH: Sorry about that.
MIETTE: Wow, Ash.
You've got a hard head.
MIETTE: Oh well
EEVEE, BUNNELBY: [PLAYFUL]
SERENA: Hi there! Having fun?
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BUNNELBY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: I'm glad!
JESSIE: Behold!
My tasteful, elegant moves.
JESSIE: And one, two, one, two.
JESSIE: Again!
WOBBUFFET: [EATING]
JESSIE: One,
two, one, two
SERENA: So
many performers here.
All aiming to be Kalos Queen!
We'll have
to do our best!
PIERRE: All right, everyone,
form into circles.
PIERRE: It's time
to change partners.
Then let's dance!
PIERRE: Alors, music?
And we're off!
SERENA: I wonder
if Eevee's okay dancing with
someone other than Bunnelby
SERENA: That's wonderful!
ASH: Whoa.
ARIA: Dancing's not hard.
ASH: Aria!
‐ARIA: It's easy. Just relax!
‐ASH: Okay
JAMES: How did I ever get
myself stuck in this mess?
PIERRE: You dance so
gracefully, Mademoiselle.
MIETTE: Thanks so much.
ASH: Well, that's it. So Serena,
did you have a good time?
SERENA: IguessI did.
Wish I could've danced more.
PIERRE: All right, let us
begin today's main event: our
enchanting Tag Battle! There
are no Pokémon battles in a
Pokémon Showcase, so
consider this a special treat!
PIERRE: All our participants
will be chosen at random. Please
raise the card you received
at the reception desk, and
hold it up to the light.
PIERRE: If a mark
appears, then you're one
of our lucky participants!
PIERRE: The battle begins next.
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT,
BONNIE: "It's Furret!"
ASH: It's a battle!
That's what I'm talking about!
MIETTE: The pairings are great!
BONNIE: Ash and Serena!
Go for it!
BRAIXEN: [CHEERING]
PANCHAM: [CHEERING]
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
MIETTE: I win battles, too. All
the time!
SERENA: We'll just
see!
SERENA: Ready,
Ash? Let's do our best!
ASH: Right! And we're gonna win!
JAMES: With so many people here,
I'm battling Twerps?!
JESSIE: Do it right, or else...
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIERRE: All right
then, battle begin!
SERENA: Eevee, ready to go?
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Pikachu, use Quick Attack
on Slurpuff!
PIKACHU: [QUICK
ATTACK MOVE]
SLURPUFF: [PAINED GRUNT]
MIETTE: Slurpuff, Energy Ball,
now!
SLURPUFF: [ENERGY BALL
MOVE] PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
SERENA: Eevee! Swift, let's go!
EEVEE: [SWIFT MOVE]
PIKACHU: [DODGING]
SLURPUFF: [EXERTION]
MIETTE: Not too bad
JAMES: Inkay, use Psybeam on
Pikachu!
INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu, dodge
and use Iron Tail, now!
PIKACHU: [DODGING]/[IRON TAIL
MOVE]
INKAY: [PAINED GRUNT]/[SCREAM]
JAMES: No, Inkay!
JESSIE, JAMES: What did I say?
JAMES: Or else
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]/[GRATEFUL]
EEVEE: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Great job.
Eevee doesn't look bothered by
the attention anymore.
SERENA:
All right. Keep it up!
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MIETTE: No surprise.
They're good!
MIETTE: Well, I've got an idea.
Will you help me out?
JAMES: Yes, of course.
MIETTE: First off, attack!
JAMES: Inkay, Psybeam,
let's go!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
ASH, SERENA: Dodge it!
PIKACHU, EEVEE: [DODGING]
MIETTE: Use Cotton Spore!
SLURPUFF: [COTTON SPORE MOVE]
PIKACHU, EEVEE: PRISED]/[SCREAM]
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
EEVEE: [STRUGGLING]
MIETTE: One more time, now!
JAMES: Inkay! Psybeam, again!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
PIKACHU, EEVEE: [SCREAM]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [PAINED GRUNT]
SERENA:Eevee!
JAMES: Inkay, Tackle!
INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: That's what I call get
up and go!
INKAY: [CHARGING]
PIKACHU: [PROTECTIVE]
INKAY: [TACKLE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SCREAM]
ASH: Pikachu, no!
PIKACHU: [PAINED GRUNT]
EEVEE: [WORRIED]
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
MIETTE: Great! Finale time!
SLURPUFF: [AFFIRMATIVE]
EEVEE: [DEFIANT]
SERENA: Yeah, you're right.
Okay! Now it's our turn!
SERENA: Eevee! Use Swift!
EEVEE: [SWIFT MOVE]
MIETTE: Use Energy Ball!
SLURPUFF: [ENERGY BALL MOVE]
JAMES: Inkay! Use Psybeam! Now!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
EEVEE: [SCREAM]/[PAINED GRUNT]
‐ASH: Pikachu!
‐SERENA: Eevee!
ASH: Can you still battle?!
PIKACHU:
RUGGLING]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Yeah. Pikachu,
use Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
SERENA: Eevee? Are you okay?
ASH: Thunderbolt, let's go!
MIETTE: Use Energy Ball!
SERENA: I've never really
been able to do anything
at times like these
SERENA: But somebody once told
me my smile had the power
to
give others strength.
SERENA: Now I don't
know how much strength I can
give you, but I want
to be your strength!
EEVEE: [TOUCHED]
EEVEE: [STRUGGLING]
‐BONNIE: What's going on?!
‐CLEMONT: Is that
SERENA: It's evolving!
SYLVEON: [APPEARING]
SERENA: A Sylveon
POKEDEX: Sylveon. The
Intertwining Pokémon. Sylveon
affectionately wraps its
ribbon‐like feelers around
its Trainer's arm as
they walk together.
SYLVEON: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Wow, Sylveon You
were right! We're not done!
The battle's not over yet!
SYLVEON: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Serena?
SERENA: Thanks for covering
me, Ash! You too, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [PLEASED]
MIETTE: It might have evolved,
but I'm gonna win!
Slurpuff, use
Energy Ball!
SLURPUFF: [ENERGY BALL MOVE]
SERENA: Dodge it, quick!
SYLVEON: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
CLEMONT: It used Fairy Wind!
SERENA: Wow, a new move!
ASH: That's great, Sylveon!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SYLVEON: [PLEASED]
JAMES: Oh, dear. Here we go.
Inkay? Use Tackle.
INKAY: [RESIGNED]
INKAY: [TACKLE MOVE]
SYLVEON: [DODGING]
SYLVEON: [JOYFUL]
MIETTE: It's true.
It dances great!
SERENA: Now, use Fairy Wind!
SYLVEON: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
MIETTE: Dodge it!
INKAY, SLURPUFF: OCKED]/[SCREAM]
MIETTE: Slurpuff!
JAMES: Inkay!
REFEREE: Slurpuff and Inkay are
unable to battle!
Which means, the winner is
the team of Ash and Serena!
PIERRE: S'il vous
plait everybody! Please give
a round of applause to
Mademoiselle and her partner.
An exciting battle, indeed!
ASH: You guys were amazing!
SERENA: Yeah. Thanks a lot!
CLEMONT: Congratulations!
BONNIE: You were great, Sylveon!
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
BRAIXEN: [GREETING]
BUNNELBY: [CHEERING]
SYLVEON: [GRATEFUL]
CLEMONT: Wow what a surprise it
evolved into a Sylveon!
CLEMONT: Eevee can evolve in
many different ways but it has
to be especially close to its
Trainer to evolve into Sylveon.
SERENA: I didn't know.
SYLVEON: [CURIOUS]
SERENA: Hi there!
You're beautiful!
JESSIE: WHAT is wrong with you?!
JAMES: Sorry about that.
INKAY: [APOLOGETIC]
WOBBUFFET: [ANGRY]
MEOWTH: Oh well, that's life.
JESSIE: And
life makes me HUNGRY!
GOURGEIST: [EATING]
PIERRE: To thank you all for
your attendance today, I
will let you in on where the
next Pokémon Showcase will be
held! And that exciting location
IS Fleurrh City!
MIETTE: Serena?
MIETTE: We'll settle this at the
next Showcase.
SERENA: Yeah!
ARIA: Amazing! That girl
and her Sylveon were
wonderful together!
PALERMO: How
unusual of you to speak
so highly of someone.
ARIA: Maybe. But I'm sure you'd
feel exactly the same way
if you'd seen them. They were
dazzling! Right?
Don't you think?
DELPHOX: [AGREEMENT]
PALERMO: I found someone, too.
ARIA: You did?
PALERMO: It's still too
early to know for sure
exactly how she'll turn out,
but she's like you once were.
ARIA: What do you mean?
MALE BELLHOP : Excuse
me. It's time to go.
ARIA: Right away!
Sorry, Palermo.
I'll call you again soon.
PALERMO: Take care.
Do your best.
ARIA: We need
to work hard, too.
SERENA: She's wonderful.
Isn't she?
SYLVEON: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Sylveon?
I'm happy we're a team!
SYLVEON: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Hey, Serena! Hurry up!
SERENA: I'm coming!
NARRATOR: So many amazing things
have taken place: an
unexpected reunion with a rival,
and Eevee's Evolution into
Sylveon! Serena and her Pokémon
are growing closer and closer.
She's taken another big step
forward as a Pokémon performer,
as our heroes'
journey continues!